File report on Wrong Web IDL type for URLs in HTML Standard (#848)
w3c/strudy: issues/html-urltype.md

---
Title: Wrong Web IDL type for URLs in HTML Standard
Tracked: N/A
Repo: 'https://github.com/whatwg/html'
---

While crawling [HTML Standard](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/), wrong Web IDL type for URLs:

> * [ ] `attribute url` in interface `NotRestoredReasons` uses `DOMString` instead of recommended `USVString` for URLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] attributes `url` and `src` in interface `NotRestoredReasons` uses `DOMString` instead of recommended `USVString` for URLs
```
